= Formtastic Form Builder for Date, Time and DateTime data types and monetary values

This form builder for Formtastic transforms Date, Time and DateTime data fields into
date/time picker UI widgets. It also appends a currency symbol before monetary value
data to indicate to the user the type of data required.

== Usage

* Add the following to the end of your Formtastic initializer file:

	Formtastic::SemanticFormHelper.builder = SemanticFormBuilder
	
* Ensure you have included jQuery and jQuery UI frameworks in your layout. Also
  include the Timepicker Addon (included).

* Use the application.js as an example to hook the fields to the time picker.
  Optionally apply the CSS styles (examples included).

* Be sure to apply the locale information in the example English file to ensure
  date/time formats are rendered correctly.

* In your view, Date, Time and DateTime data will be automatically transformed. For
  monetary values, use the following as an example:

	<%= form.input :price, :label => "Price", :as => :monetary %>

* You can change the monetary symbol used in the form builder. This is something
  that could be improved upon.

* Note that the time picker addon is not aware of time zones, so you could use the
  #utc method with time data in your controller to ensure it is saved and read
  correctly (if time zone data is not important to you). A more elaborate
  implementation which preserves TZ data would be preferred, of course.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Steve Lorek.
